So if you set up correctly on this,
let's walk through the demo two we have for exceptions.
What we defined in our controller is,
we have an add method which will give you the mass exception.
Yes, you can see that you are leading to a numeric overflow exception,
and we have an update which are leading to a NullPointer exception.
What we're adding here is,
we are adding two method and we annotate it with exception handler.
Each exception handler will take in one exception, let's take look.
Each exception we're leading to a different HTML page.
So to mathError we're leading to that mass exception,
mathError.html and the nullPointerError we're leading that to the
nullPointerError.html so that if you have different exceptions,
you could take the user to a different error page.
Let's take a look. So we're coming here,
if we use add a number,
for the ADD, we have a math exception, numeric overflow exception.
Now let's go to a different view now and I'll try update.
So the update should go to find a NullPointerException.
Now we are going to that view as well.